phpMyAdmin servers AllowDeny order/rules (#37)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-phpmyadmin: README.md

- `CONFIGURATION_STORAGE_DB_HOST`: phpMyAdmin configuration storage database server hostname (ignored unless `CONFIGURATION_STORAGE_ENABLE` is set to **yes**). Default: **mariadb**
- `CONFIGURATION_STORAGE_DB_PORT_NUMBER`: phpMyAdmin configuration storage database server port (ignored unless `CONFIGURATION_STORAGE_ENABLE` is set to **yes**). Default: **3306**
- `CONFIGURATION_STORAGE_DB_NAME`: phpMyAdmin configuration storage database name (ignored unless `CONFIGURATION_STORAGE_ENABLE` is set to **yes**). Default: **phpmyadmin**

> - `CONFIGURATION_ALLOWDENY_ORDER`: Set the AllowDeny order. Available values are: ``, `deny,allow`, `allow,deny`, `explicit`. No defaults.

Reviewer: To make it clearer and avoid renderization issues:
```suggestion
- `CONFIGURATION_ALLOWDENY_ORDER`: Set the AllowDeny order. If your rule order is empty, then IP authorization is disabled. Available values are: `deny,allow`, `allow,deny`, `explicit`. No defaults.
```

> - `ALLOWDENY_ORDER`: Allows you to set the AllowDeny order. e.g.: If order is set to 'deny,allow' then the system applies all deny rules followed by allow rules.
> - `ALLOWDENY_RULES`: Allow or deny hosts/user to connect to the database. Value should be literal, e.g.: "array('deny bob from all')"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CONFIGURATION_ALLOWDENY_ORDER`: Set the AllowDeny order. Available values are: ``, `deny,allow`, `allow,deny`, `explicit`. No defaults.
- `CONFIGURATION_ALLOWDENY_RULES`: Array of strings to allow or deny hosts/user to connect to the database. The value must be literal, following the format `'allow' | 'deny' <username> [from] <ipmask>`. No defaults.
```
